# Bayesian-generalized-GWR
This is the Python code to conduct Bayesian geographically weighted regression proposed in the paper "Generalized Geographically Weighted Regression Model within a Modularized Bayesian Framework"

# Abstract of the proposed model
The rationale of the spatial statistics lies in the existence of geographical dependence over the space. Geographically weighted regression (GWR) models handle geographical dependence through a spatially varying coefficient model and spatial links between locations are formulated as log-likelihoods weighted by geographical kernels. GWR models have been widely used, but its Bayesian extension is unclear because the GWR weighted log-likelihood (or power likelihood) does not imply a probability distribution on data. Discussions of Bayesian inference for this particular likelihood raise attentions recently to tackle the partial misspecification and improve the robustness of the model. Early studies proposed a modularized Bayesian inference where a model is divided into two modules and the degree of misspecification between modules are calibrated via raising a power term to the likelihood. Since a model with data sampling from various locations can be naturally split into multiple modules and the potential misspecification is a concern, we discuss the extension of the current modularized Bayesian inference into a multiple modules framework. A generalized GWR model is proceeded within this modularized Bayesian framework by replacing the power term with a geographically weighted kernel which accommodates the geographical dependence. In addition to regression coefficients, parameters for variabilities of the observed data at different locations can be naturally embedded within the modularized model. We provide a way to adjust the geographically weighted kernel through a relative entropy.
